Set -Anomsgtext by default for all tests (#212)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

> Version 3.21.4-eisop2 (April ?, 2022)

Reviewer: Can you pull in master first? These changes look odd.

**Implementation details:**

> Changed `TypecheckExecutor.compile`, a utility method for running the Checker
> Framework on test files, to always include the non-JVM options `-Anomsgtext`
> and `-AajavaChecks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type system test drivers no longer need to pass `-Anomsgtext`.
The Checker Framework test driver (in `TypecheckExecutor.compile`) now always
passes the `-Anomsgtext` option.

Moved the `-AajavaChecks` option from `CheckerFrameworkPerDirectoryTest` to
`TypecheckExecutor.compile` to ensure the option is used for all tests.
```
